their number of major life decisions %HESITATION you'll need to make it
as you go along in coming out of high school one of the critical decisions
is %HESITATION some people say I should go into the service
in the be in the military for a couple years before I go to college
some people say no go to college first then maybe you can get a commission
in the military enjoy the military a lot better as a commissioned
officer that is listed person but I think it really depends on
the person you are I think you need to think very carefully about how
mature you are how ready you are to take over your whole life and
run things the way they should be run %HESITATION you may be looking
forward to the freedom you'll have %HESITATION but you also need to
consider the fact that if you are not a very disciplined person that
freedom can get you a lot of trouble if you had one of those kinds
of people you might think about doing some time in the military and
so your wild oats there as you grow up and then go to college if on
the other hand years a slam dunk nose to the grindstone I know where
I'm going and I know what I what kind of person no reason not to
go to college first and then considered military career after but it
depends on the person so no yourself before you choose